So let's clear the menu.
Are you going to click it on Menashe locations.
And for a kid what are going to become hillmen what are going to use new menu and for a kid going out
more with menu and create the menu.
You can see some of the kind of kids menu always Ceglia you attach them and you like these.
And then you're going to start in some.
For example on page isn't going at all.
In this case I went to the farm there those block and I'm going out to the shop and the conduct goes
is the same pages that I added in the main menu bar.
I didn't the mayor come.
I'm going to show you why in just a little.
So here we have welcome we're going to change this to home page home and we have about Ole's blog and
what is going on.
We arranged the shop right here so we have shop blog and contact us so we didn't add them my account
if the kids can see my account is part of the Shub.
And so let's say these and reload and I'm going to make this malheur.
You can see if they open the menu we have home about Orr's shop blog and contact us but for example
at the bottom we have these I can link to the My Account section so you can click here.
This is going up into my account so there is no need to have these in the menu for the mobile devices.
If you want you can add the categories for the shop.
So let's other categories for the shop link right here on going up in GamePro categories and we're going
ask you all.
And then going to select all the categories and we're going out the menu.
And we're going to actually come back right here.
I'm Geats and that that.
And we're going to save the menu.
Again the first blog made this is Mandar and up in the menu you can see that we have about us shop and
then we have got the words of cards it is up to you if you want to have a really big menu.
You can create the categories by the if you want as many as many you can remove the categories and only
display the shop that's up to you.
So in this case it does look nice and you have now three menus that you can use in your break.
We take a look at the them on the social media icons navigation and also their mobile menu.
So let's continue working with these Brinig in the next video.
Remember that we went to chips something like these.
So what a green smile steps achieve these esign in our website.